Ouyang Mu, you are simply turning black and white upside down
Mr. Liao is Long Shuai
How could he possibly assassinate himself?
Xiong Baiwen was blinded
This is their backup plan
I want to use Liao Fan to replace Long Shuai's identity
Continue to pave the way for their chaos
Haha, it's useless to say that now.
Flower language money is with him
He can say whatever he wants
Someone bring Gao Xiaoyun up to me
Hey don't move
You are handsome
Kneel down and confess to Long Shuai first
Go in and hurry up
Gao Xiaoyun, I'm really blind
I thought you were just an ordinary CEO
I didn't expect you to be a traitor
Sinners are sinners
beheading
It's too cheap to kill these two people
A thousand difficulties
No, adults.
A few days ago, I found out that something was wrong with Gao Xiuyun.
I testify that he collaborated with the enemy and betrayed the country
What evidence do you have?
A few days ago, I was competing with Gao Xiaoyun in the parking lot
We each sent our men to get one
He sent this Liao Fan to fight
And this Liao Fan
Hidden Dongying Ninja weapons
You Liao Fan
Assassinate Long Shuai
Go to Dongying to learn the skills of assassination
Zhang Zihao, you bastard
Step on me at this time
Today, the imperial master presides over justice
I'm just contributing a little
Trivial evidence
Now I declare
Gao Xiaoyun and Liao Fan are the most evil
The evidence is solid
cut in place
Frighten the city lord
Send Tianbao Knife